Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
We're going to pray and sing a little bit.
I'll sing some songs or whatever the Lord has on His heart for me to sing.
I woke up this morning singing a song out of my sleep, so I figured this is what He wanted to hear.
I told Diana, "You know, whenever it happens—it happens quite often—but this one, I haven't heard this song in so long and I couldn't believe it.
I was like, 'Well, that's really cool.
'" The last video was heavy, but I really feel in my spirit we've made great ground concerning praying for our president and praying for our nation.
I could feel the shifting last night as we were interceding for our leader, and that makes me so happy.
It felt so good to feel that.
For those of you familiar with what I'm talking about—some of you are just babies at this, but some of you are veterans—when you get in that river of prayer, you can feel the wall or you can feel a flow.
Sometimes you just keep hitting that wall, hitting that door until you have it open.
In prayer, a lot of times when I'm interceding, you can feel when other people are pulling with you.
You can feel, in a corporate setting, when other people are on the same assignment as you in the Spirit.
So, whenever I'm praying over our president and I'm praying over this, it's almost like you're walking through mud, and you're pulling and trying so hard to gain ground.
You're grabbing and clenching and pulling yourself up out of it, and then all of a sudden, you're on a slide.
You could feel that last night as I was interceding.
We had times of prayer here, and I want to tell you this: faith is not a feeling, and prayer is not a feeling.
I'm not moved by what I see; I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the Word of God says, so don't always go by a feeling.
But whenever you get sensitive to the things of the Spirit, you will know what I'm talking about more.
There is a river, then there's dry, and then it's like going through mud.
You can feel your toil in the ground; it's pulling and pulling.
Last night you could feel that there's so many people praying for President Trump and praying for this nation.
I was excited about it.
I believe the fervent prayer of the righteous availeth much—the fervent, effectual prayer.
Honey, find the scripture; I don't want to misquote it.
I was looking at Proverbs 15:8: "The prayer of the upright is His delight.
" I believe tonight, as we pray for our president and our nation, the prayer of the upright is His delight.
Isn't that wonderful?
I love that; He delights in it.
James 5:16: "The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much.
" The fervent, effectual prayer of the righteous availeth much.
We're getting the job done.
I really believe that's what God has called and assigned us to do for such a time as this.
The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much.
And that's who we are.
Braden's grinning at me; I get tongue-tied.
All glory to Jesus.
Isn't that wonderful?
I believe that's what we're doing and we'll continue to do all throughout 2026 and the rest of this year, praying over what I believe the Lord has shown us through prayer.
We're praying over these major events where I believe we have power and authority.
As we prayed into the storm and took authority over it, there wasn't as much damage as they were thinking.
We didn't have as much snow as we were expecting.
Maybe some people got a lot, but our area, when we got out today, didn't seem way bad.
Based on what we could see on the news, it could have been a lot worse, with many more power outages.
I believe it's because the people were praying.
As big as that storm was and as big as that event could have been, it could have been more catastrophic.
So, we give all the glory to Jesus today.
If you're without power, it's terrible, but I believe they'll get it on quickly.
Let's pray that they get it on quickly tonight, that they'll have all the power up, and that you won't be without your electricity and heat.
They'll be able to do a quick work and get to you fast.
You'll have favor where everyone else doesn't.
You'll have favor because you're a child of the King.
I believe that God's favored you today and put goodness and mercy on you, and it's following you all the days of your life.
I stand on that and we believe it.
We're believing believers who are receivers, and we're contenders for the glory.
We're contenders for the end-time anointing, the outpouring of finances, and whatever God has for us.
We will lack no good thing.
I believe that, so that's what we're going to stand on tonight.
We see the things in the news from Carney, the Prime Minister of Canada.
I thought it was interesting because of the prophetic words the Lord has given us and the visions we've seen about him going to China and saying, "Hey, I want to do business with you.
" This was his last major push, from what I saw in the Spirit, for his country to pull itself out of this hole.
I saw Canada going into a depression and joining up with America in the days ahead—not saying Canada is dissolved, like I keep hearing President Trump saying '51st state' and all this, but a financial merger.
Their currency became our currency; that's what I saw.
We still had borders, but their currency and Mexico's currency became one.
This is what I've been praying over for two years.
I think some things the Lord shows us happen really quickly, like the storm coming.
We saw that back on November 11th, and we've been praying over it.
We saw it on October 29th, and then we saw it again—was it in July?
He's been talking to us about this for seven months.
He talked about October and November, too.
So, we've had these cues to pray over the weather and this storm.
I believe we prayed over it and saw results.
When we see Canada and Mexico joining up with the United States to have a currency, it's when I saw them trying to come against the dollar and the BRICS in the days ahead to bring a stronger currency system.
We keep praying into that.
All I know is it's all leading up to the Mark of the Beast and the One World Order.
What will be the lynchpin for the One World Order and the one-world currency?
I believe truly—and this is just Braden and me thinking, I can't speak for Diana, though I know she agrees with everything—the Rapture of the Church could be the lynchpin.
The total meltdown of society will happen when hundreds of millions, if not a billion, believers are taken out of here in the Rapture of the Church.
Now, there are a lot of people who don't believe that, but I'm trying to say: what is the lynchpin that pushes this over?
War, rumors of war, plague.
The plague that I've seen coming in 2020, 2028, the spring and fall of 2027, going into 2028, is when I've seen a great shaking coming.
Now, some people say that's too early, Brandon.
I believe that it's further down the road.
I believe we're going to see an economic crisis before we see the plague.
This is what I saw when I was praying: the financial and economic situation and the plague go hand in hand.
They ride together.
They're like twins.
Famine and plague ride together.
And so, you know, that's just me looking into it.
I don't want to add to or take away from anything.
It's just me trying to figure it out with my natural mind and say, "Listen, Lord, how close are you to your coming?
How close are we?
" There are a lot of people who believe He could come back in the next five minutes.
I believe no man knows the day or the hour; that's what the Bible says.
But we can see the signs of the times looking all around us.
We see Iran and all the uprisings and the regime change that I believe is about to happen in Cuba, Mexico, and so on, as part of this end-time move.
Here we see some people are saying, "Is this the ten kings rising up in Gaza with the president and Jared Kushner running this, and the new Gaza Strip and all the beauty of the buildings that they're promising?
" And they have oil derricks, and they put that off to the side, a little bit over here.
I thought that was interesting.
The beautiful landscape I told you looked like Miami; that's what I saw in the spirit.
And the Lord said, "But I saw oil, oil, oil and gas, gas, gas.
" I said there was so much money, billions of dollars in the Mediterranean, outside of Gaza.
I saw so much money down in there.
It was a pocket of oil that was one of the largest reserves in the world.
And the Lord said, "I put that there strategically for my people.
It's been there and they're about to tap into it.
" Well, maybe they've tapped into a little bit of it, but I believe that God is able to replenish and bring it in.
It could not have been there and all of a sudden, He's like, "You know what?
" And the oil goes, and you go, "How in the world?
" It's only God.
That's why I believe we're so close.
We're about to see something major.
As we pray, keep praying into 2026 as this valley of decision where President Trump is at right now.
Just like the Lord told us back at the first of January, He said he's going to go through the valley of decision.
His decisions are going to fork off, and he'll either go this way or he'll go that way.
But it's up to the church to pray him through this so that he makes the right decisions.
The Bible says, "Choose life.
" Life and death are in the power of...
choose life.
I don't know if I'm quoting that scripture right again, but He's talking about choosing life.
It's your choice.
Choose the direction of what I want you to have.
Choose life.
It's a choice.
So we pray for President Trump to make the right choice.
It's so important.
You don't realize how much authority you have as a believing believer.
That's the problem.
A lot of the church doesn't realize that when Christ sat down, we sat down with Him.
As He is, so are we in this world.
Ephesians is alive, and it's alive in me.
The more you read it, the more it's going to renew your mind, and the more you're going to get the Word inside of you and it will change you from the inside out.
When you become God-inspired, God-thinking—as He is, so are we in this world—you have to be a believing believer who receives it by reading this Bible and getting it down in your heart.
Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the Word of God.
The only way you're going to change, ladies and gentlemen, is by getting this Word down inside of your heart.
You can read it and just glance over it, but it's when you meditate on it, when you get it down inside of you, that the entrance of the Word brings forth light.
The Word will change you and bring forth light.
That's what I'm trying to tell you all tonight.
You must get this Word down inside of you for just what we read: the fervent, effectual prayer.
What does it mean to be fervent?
To be fervent means to probably be like a bulldog on a bone—one who is passionate about prayer.
We probably could look up the definition of it, Diana, but I just visualize what the Lord is saying.
The fervent, effectual prayer of the righteous.
When you are just dogmatic—I am going to get it, we're going to believe God—having displayed a passion of intensity.
Thank you, Braden and Diana, my two helpers.
"Having or displaying a passionate intensity.
" So, just being intense.
That's what we are; we're intense.
I want to be all in for Jesus, being sold out.
I want to be filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit so that when people see me, they say, "He's intense.
" I like that.
He's intense; he's passionate.
He's not just somebody who says, "Oh well, whatever will be, will be.
" I believe that we're the people who say, "No, we can change things through faith.
We can speak to our mountain, 'Be thou removed, be thou cast into the sea,' and we shall not doubt in our hearts.
We shall have whatsoever things we say.
" Mark 11:24, we're going to speak to the mountain.
This is the mountain of where we are right now.
We have President Trump and he has counsel.
We need to pray for godly counsel around him to make godly decisions concerning Greenland, Iran, Cuba, Mexico—all these things where he could put his influence, being from the strongest nation in the world, being able to influence and bring forth the end-time harvest.
Where could we, as believing believers, help influence by praying over him to have good, godly counsel?
Not having evil people speaking into his life who say, "Well, we want to go this way," when it's not the plan of the Lord.
The plan of the Lord is to bring all that is lost to be saved.
He wills that no one should perish, but all come to repentance.
But everybody has to have ears to hear, plus they have to have a way to hear it.
If you have a dictator over an area and they say, "Well, we don't want the Bible coming in here; we don't want Christianity being preached.
" The Bible says when this Word is preached as a witness throughout the whole world, then the end will come.
So is that a restrainer—whenever you can't hear the Word?
Yes.
So what do we do with the restrainer trying to prevent bringing the Word into the nation?
We remove it by faith, by prayer, by fasting, and by coming into agreement through corporate prayer, saying, "No, we will have a revival in Cuba.
We will have a revival in Brazil, in Iran, and North Korea.
" Those people are being oppressed.
They're suppressed and they can't get out; they have an iron curtain there.
But when we are believing believers who come into agreement, we can move that out of the way.
That's why we're here.
I just want you to get excited about prayer.
Be that definition—passionate intensity.
It's time; we've got to do it.
That's what we're here for today.
I like that.
The prayer of the upright is his delight.
So we have prayers and we are upright.
We are the righteousness of God in Christ Jesus.
Every single one of us here, we take it by faith.
We're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
He dwells on the inside of us and we take this communion and all the things that we see on the news.
Like I said a thousand times, if you're praying the news, you're too late.
We see the news before the news happens.
We can turn this thing before the news manifests.
Terrorist attacks, the Red Dawn experience, volcanoes.
People say, 'Where's the volcano, Brandon?
How come we haven't seen a volcano?
' I want to be real with you.
From what I saw, we see the beginning stages of something shaking in the ground outside of Oregon's coast.
Those are warning signs.
It's 6.
0.
The ground is shaking in the deep just like the Lord said it would in the exact spot the Lord told us it would.
But you say, 'Well, how come it hasn't happened and nobody's died?
' Because we have prayers out there.
I believe that's a prayer foil if we start seeing this stuff happen to the capacity against our believing brothers and sisters.
I believe a thousand shall fall at your side, 10,000 at your right hand, folks.
But we know we're in the end times.
We're going to see some things.
We can't stop it all.
But those are the signs I'm trying to tell you.
It's in the ground.
It's happening right there.
How much more do you need to see other than a catastrophic event killing a whole bunch of people?
And we don't want that.
It's in the ground.
It's in the water.
It's signs.
And the Lord said, 'Watch the fish coming up out of the water and coming up on the shores.
' And this will be a sign that it's about ready to happen.
We're already seeing precursors of it.
Major earthquakes, major shakings, major awakenings, wars, and rumors of wars.
We are in the last days.
But I think it's interesting, like a frog in a pot, the water is getting hotter and hotter and hotter, and people around it get so accustomed to what they're seeing all the time.
But if you go back 20 years ago to the early 2000s and you were to go and look ahead, you would go, 'Oh my gosh, this is definitely the end times.
' If you were able to watch a movie and it was panned out before you, the pandemic that happened in 2020 and you have all of these major signs that are happening, you would automatically say we are in the last days in 2020.
If you were in 2020 and you were looking at it and then now you look now, or in 2000 when we went through 9/11 and all the things, we thought that was it.
Most of the people I remember as a young man, even in 1999, we thought Jesus is coming back way before 2000, but we're still here and we occupy until he comes.
So we're going to keep praying and like I said, I just keep looking up, for I know our redemption is drawing nigh, folks.
But I know that he said, 'I want a harvest of souls, Brandon.
I don't want that any should perish.
I want one more push.
I will delay this for one more push.
I want one more harvest for my people to come to me.
I'm going after—I'm leaving the 99 to go after the one in the back field.
' So I thought, okay, I know there's a great falling away.
We can see it.
But there's certain people that I know: there's grandmas on here right now, there's grandpas, there's mamas, there's daddies, there's aunts—you're believing for them, and you're calling out for the Lord to bring them in, and you're saying, 'I will have my unsaved relatives, or my boss, or my coworker, or whatever.
' You're believing God for that unsaved loved one.
And you're saying, 'Father, when is their time?
When is their time?
' Some plant, some water, and some bring forth the increase.
But I believe, Father, that you'll bring forth the increase, that they will not go to hell.
They will not die and go to hell, and that you have a plan for their life.
You cry out for them every night.
And I believe those effectual fervent prayers of the righteous are going to avail much.
So let's take our communion.
He didn't have a lot of news today, did he?
It looks like this right here.
They send underground chatter.
They have like this app and then they're talking about ICE and like—I don't know, is that the rioting and all that?
Yeah.
That's the political theater and the political drama that I've seen coming.
And the Lord said 2026 will be marked as political theater—a lot of drama and a lot of protesting and uprising going clear into July.
There'll be major shakes in this going into the 250 years.
So it's happening.
So what do we do about it?
We pray a diffusing of rioting.
We pray a diffusing of uprising and people acting out.
Paid demonstrators by George Soros paying the demonstrators, people that are very corrupt and evil.
And we pray for President Trump to have that backbone like a crowbar led by the spirit of God.
You say, 'Well, he has to be surrendered.
' You don't know where he's at with the Lord.
How would you act if the pressure of the world, the pressure of all these nations, the pressure of the responsibility, knowing that you're one of the main closers to lead this thing into the end of the end, that you have strategic assignments from the Lord for you, and you've got all this stuff that's on you as a man of almost 80-some years old?
This is a lot.
You can already see this.
He has confusion.
He's saying Iceland instead of Greenland.
He's saying all these things.
His mind—that devil poking at his head so he can't think clear to get the job done.
Then you got bozos in his cabinet speaking things that are evil and they have a reprobate mind.
And the Bible says take no counsel from the ungodly.
So you've got the reprobate-minded people speaking to him.
So that's why you've got to put good godly prayer counsel around him to pray, so it's important.
And then we see his sons and the Lord said we've got to pray for his sons.
I saw even yesterday when I was praying, I saw again in 2026 a doubling of their wealth.
A great fountain of physical wealth is coming to the Trumps.
I saw mega money, you know, and most people say, 'Well, Brandon, this is what I saw.
' But I saw it on Eric.
I keep seeing Eric's face before me.
And the Lord said, 'I'm going to bless that man.
And there will be a doubling, and there's going to be so much extra wealth, money coming on them.
' So I thought in my lightning-fast mind, I'm thinking if it's on him, what's he doing to get it?
If I can be a shadow and learn, teach me.
I want to learn.
So if I can just do it through social media and try to follow what they're doing, I want to learn.
But this is all in my opinion of what the Lord has told me.
And it's not financial advice.
I'm not a financial adviser.
I have to always say that.
But I believe I'm personally right to believe it, that you can watch them and I believe the blessing's on them.
You say, 'Well, I don't believe it.
' Well, then that is on you.
But I'm not telling you to follow it and to do what they do.
That's just what I'm doing.
I'm just watching.
I'm just thinking, 'Hm,' because this is what I keep seeing in visions to pray over these men.
So you say, 'Well, I don't believe it.
' That's on you then.
I don't care.
I'm not telling you to do it.
It's my opinion.
And praying over the pink currency.
Praying over this.
I keep seeing the pink currency when I'm praying.
I heard it again last night.
In fact, I was looking to think something happened last night about the pink currency and people sent me pictures with President Trump sitting with his MAGA hat on.
He was sitting behind a desk and he had a currency note and some others and it looked like that currency that I've been praying over.
And I said, "Well, I'll be, you know, why was that there?
" And some man was talking to him and I thought, "That's kind of interesting.
" But I just keep praying over the pink currency.
You say, "What's the pink currency?
" I'm not a financial advisor.
You pray about what pink currency is.
So, you know, I believe with all my heart that we're on the right path, going the right direction, and we're going to keep going the right direction because the Holy Spirit is leading us, and he is telling us what to do.
And as for me in my house, we're going to serve the Lord, and we're going to do the best we can.
You may kind of stumble a little bit along the way, but I'm going to get back up, brush my knees off, and keep running unto him.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you have patience for me.
He's had patience in the past.
It seemed like, man, I can't believe he's even put up with me anymore.
He's up there saying, "Brandon, you got what it takes.
Come on, keep going.
You got this.
" And so if he's saying that to me, he's saying that to you.
I'm nothing special.
I'm just a kid that said, "Okay, I'll do it.
" Same with you.
If you just be willing and obedient, you'll eat the good of the land.
That's what he said.
Be willing and obedient.
What are you willing to do?
Whatever he asks you to do, and then you're obedient to what he asks you to do.
And you sow where he tells you to sow and you give to where he tells you to give.
Good measure, pressed down, shaken together, will be running over that men give unto your bosom.
But if you give a thimbleful, you'll reap back thimblefuls.
If you give an overflow, a bountiful amount, you'll get back dump truck fools.
With the measure that you give, you'll get back.
There's scripture.
Where is that?
Do you know what I'm talking about?
So many people don't.
It's trying.
It's putting forth the effort in the natural and applying it with the spirit.
I heard Brother Hagin say, "For with the same measure that you meet withal, it shall be measured to you again.
" Luke 6:38.
It says it better in my mind.
I've heard a better translation, I think.
But that's sufficient.
They can look it up on their own.
King James says, "Give and it shall be given you; good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over will be put in your bosom.
For with the same measure that you use, it will be measured back to you.
" Yep.
So if you give a thimble, you'll reap back thimbles.
If you give a dump truck, you'll reap back dump trucks in simple terms.
And that's Luke 6:38.
Father, we just thank you, Lord, for your body that was broken for us.
We're so thankful, Father, for all that you've done for us.
We receive it by faith that we're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
And like what we were hearing Brother Hagin preach today, he was talking about having the healing of your body, and the deliverance of what you need starts from your spirit outward.
Renew your mind to the word of God.
And Father, I thank you for people like Brother Hagin, that his teachings and what he taught, the word of God is still on this earth and we got it on YouTube.
And I'm so thankful that those tapes, those cassettes, those things that we had didn't just go away.
That somebody took the time to upload them, that we could listen to Brother Hagin even after his passing of over 20 years.
I'm so thankful, Father.
We're so thankful.
We don't exalt a man, but we love the word of God, Father.
And we thank you for those that teach it.
We're so grateful, Father, for people that bring forth the good news.
We're so grateful, Father, that you've chosen us to pray.
And Father, we will pray with the people tonight.
And we're so grateful, Father, for this time of prayer uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Father, I thank you that you speak through my vocal cords and think through my mind.
Lord, none of me and all of you.
We take this body in the name of Jesus and we're healed and whole and well by your stripes.
And we thank you, Lord, Father, that we're redeemed from the curse of the law.
Galatians says that Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law.
And we're healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we take this body and that's from colds to viruses to all of it.
And we receive it by faith.
We're not moved by what we see.
We're not moved by what we feel.
We're moved by what the word of God says.
Thank you for the blood.
Lord, we take the blood and we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
I thank you for the blood.
We thank you, Lord.
We apply the blood.
And we thank you, Lord, that you said if we confess our sins, you are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us of all unrighteousness.
And right now in the name of Jesus, Father, we confess all the things we've done wrong.
And we thank you, Lord, that it's washed in your precious blood.
Thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven us once and for all.
It's done.
And Father, we thank you, Lord.
We come up underneath that mighty hand and we sit at your feet.
And we thank you, Lord, that whatever's on your heart tonight, whatever's on your heart tonight, Lord, we pray it out and we give you all the glory.
We give you all the honor and we give you all the praise for where we are in these end times, Father, that we're the closers and you chose us for such a time as this.
And Father, I'm thankful that we are the generation that will not taste death, that we will see the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ in our lifetime and we will be those closers that tell the good news throughout the whole world, telling the people that Jesus Christ is Lord and he's coming back and he has a plan for their life and that healing belongs to them, deliverance belongs to them and Father that you have made a way for them to live an abundant life.
And I thank you, Lord, that we are the kids that believe it.
We're your children.
We believe it.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, for tonight's prayer.
And if there's anything you would want to show me, if not, we'll just pray.
But Lord, we yield to the prophetic.
We yield to the anointing.
I yield to the anointing of the prophetic.
And Father, if there's anything you want to show me, Father, I thank you, Lord, that you show us that which is to come.
Holy Spirit, I yield to the anointing of the prophetic all over that, Father, that you have a plan for our life.
And you show us that which is to come.
And I bind witchcraft.
I bind the incantations, voodoo, whatever it may be.
And I thank you Lord that the angels of the Lord are surrounding us in Jesus' name.
Over the finances, over our house, over us in Jesus' name.
And the blood covers us.
Amen.
And amen.
Thank you, Lord.
It's just personal.
Oh, I dropped it.
You know what people say?
Well, you don't do it like a priest does it.
Well, I'm not saying you do the way you feel led to do it, communion or whatever, but I'm going to tell you I'm into relationship.
I'm not into religion.
I want him.
I don't want a priest.
I want Jesus.
I want to know him intimately.
I want to know him and have him sit down beside me like he does when he comes and visits.
I practice his presence and I make an atmosphere for him to feel comfortable in.
Keep strife out, keep love flowing and we let praise and worship flow and he comes and visits.
We have visitations, manifestations of the glory.
Well, I don't believe that.
I don't care what you believe.
I experience it and Diana experiences it.
Braden, my little girl.
The atmosphere will change in your home if you just invite him.
Oh, Jesus, we want you in our house.
We want you to become so real to us.
Thank you, Lord, that you can invade my car, my room, or my living room.
Oh, Father, we make it a place of you being comfortable.
Kick back, relax.
Here's a recliner, here's a glass of tea—whatever it takes.
I want to make you feel comfortable in my house today so that you become real to me.
I don't want religion; I want Jesus.
Religion—people let you down, but Jesus will never let you down.
People are hurting in their hearts, but God, he's an ever-present help in a time of need.
Well, I don't feel that, Brennan.
Keep on keeping on.
I'm not moved by what I see or what I feel; I'm moved by what the word of God says.
And he said in his word, he inhabits the praises of his people.
I'm moved by what the word says.
He said that he'll never see the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread.
He'll always provide for me.
I believe that my God is my provider.
I believe that, Father, the seeds I've sowed in the past will come to harvest at last in the mighty name of Jesus—some 30, some 60, and some 100-fold.
I believe, Father, that you take care of me.
Father, it's not about us; it's so we decrease that you increase.
Help us to die to ourselves.
Father, the Apostle Paul said, 'I die daily,' not just on Sunday, not just on Wednesday night at church, but to die daily so that Christ be glorified in us.
Father, let people see the light on our faces.
Let people see the glory of the Lord like Moses, when they had to put a cloth around his head because his face was shining and freaking everybody out.
Father, if you would do it once, you'll do it again, Lord.
Shine your glory out through us, Father.
And then, Father, that we would be the salty ones.
We haven't lost our saltiness.
Father, the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost, and people will see the love when they see us.
Love is king; love is dominant on us, Father.
And we renew our minds in 1 Corinthians 13.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
Love bears up underneath anything and everything that comes.
Love never fails.
When those angels came and they visited me, I heard them talking and they said, 'What did he do?
' He doesn't realize that the most important thing that he'll be judged upon when he comes to the Father's throne is: what did he do with love?
How did he treat his people?
How did you walk in love with the brethren?
How did you walk in love?
Did you sow strife or did you sow love?
Love never fails.
When I heard them talking and I sat there and listened to them: 'How did you treat your wife?
How did you treat your kids?
How did you treat your husband?
' Father, I thank you, Lord.
Love never fails.
Now, if you see a pattern of family or whatever that you keep getting in strife with and it takes you out of love—if it costs you your peace, it's too expensive.
If you keep getting in strife and it stirs you up and it keeps strife going, you know, sometimes you have to build walls up to keep peace.
And you say, 'Well, where is that?
' Well, you've got to make sure the people that are in your inner circle are there to help bring in the glory.
You've got to watch who you're hanging around, who you allow to influence you, who's speaking into your life.
Be watchful of this.
Look at their fruit.
If they don't have good fruit and you don't see love and you see strife and they're always backbiting other people and talking trash about other people and they're gossips, watch who you're listening to and talking to.
Don't allow them to have an inroad to talk to you all the time.
Be watchful of who you're listening to and who you're allowing to influence your mind.
'Well, I got my girlfriend on the phone and we're just hanging out and we're talking about everything,' but everything Sister busybody's doing is talking trash about everybody around you.
Gossip is a killer; strife is a killer of the glory flow.
'Well, I heard about this, Pastor.
Did you hear about—' I don't care about it.
These aren't garbage cans.
I don't listen to it.
I don't want to talk to you.
I don't want to hear about what's going on.
Now, if you have somebody that you can vent to and talk to and listen and bounce things off of and grow, that's fine; but if it doesn't become a Holy Ghost conversation where iron sharpens iron so that you can have somebody to counsel with, it doesn't help.
But you don't counsel with everybody.
I counsel Diana and maybe one other person.
You don't bring everybody into your circle and let everyone be involved, because then it's just gossip.
But I say, 'Hey, I'm dealing with this.
I need help.
' You find the people you can trust.
You say, 'Hey, this is what the word of God says,' and they always bring scripture to back it.
Oh, you know, like Sister Billy—she's always quick to keep you on track if you say something.
'Whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are holy, whatsoever things are of good report, whatsoever things are lovely—speak on these things, think on these things.
' If it doesn't do that and it doesn't glorify God, we aren't saying it.
Always walk in love towards your brother.
'Well, they're doing this to me, they're doing that.
' She instantaneously cuts it off: 'We aren't doing that.
Let's just pray for them.
' And that's what Sister Billy always does.
I want to tell you, for somebody that's 80-some years old, that lady walks in the love of God more than I've seen anybody ever.
'We're not going to say that.
' You know, I'll be griping about something and she'll say, 'We're not going to say that.
Whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are holy—think on these.
' This is what we're going to say out of your mouth.
We're going to pray for them.
And it shuts you down real quick, especially when you're having a bad day.
What does love say?
Love.
And when you walk in love towards your fellow brethren, even when they're treating you like trash—they can try to run you down and hurt you.
They do it to me all the time; I feel like I'm always just okay, but learning how to walk on these landmines through the ministry.
Everybody has a motive and everybody seems to want something, but I say, 'Well, I'm learning, but either way, I love you.
' Love never fails.
Is it right?
And when you learn from somebody that's older and you think, 'Okay, these are the things I'm learning.
' How do you go from glory to glory?
He's changing you.
Oh, Father, that just came right—Paisley's watching us live.
I can hear her singing the song: 'The love of God shown to the world.
' She's singing it: 'For he's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
His likeness and image to perfect in me, the love of God shown to the world.
For he's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
From glory to glory, he's changing me.
' He's changing me, in His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
For He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
From glory to glory, He's changing me.
Thank You, Lord, for changing me.
Oh Father, we thank You, Lord, that You're changing us from glory to glory and the love of God shown to the world.
We thank You, Lord, that love is made perfect in our hearts.
That we walk and we come up higher in our fellowship with You.
That we hate what You hate and we love what You love.
That we push away the things that are repulsive to You and we embrace the things that You find holy.
Lord, be holy as You are holy.
We come up higher with the fire and we come up higher in the glory every single day.
We can't do it on our own, Lord.
We do it all by faith and we receive it by faith.
What was the song today, love, that I sang after I said that I need help?
Do you remember what I was singing earlier, son?
Quickly, sing it.
Yeah, Holy Spirit.
Nobody remembers.
Well, you played it on your phone just a second ago.
He is Lord.
He is risen from the dead and He is Lord.
Every knee shall bow and every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord.
Sing it with me.
He is risen from the dead and He is Lord.
Every knee shall bow and every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord.
Sing it again, one more time.
He is Lord.
He is risen from the dead and He is Lord.
Every knee will bow, every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord.
That's it.
He is Lord.
He has risen from the dead and He is Lord.
Every knee will bow and every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord.
We love You, Holy Spirit.
He is Lord.
He has risen from the dead and He is Lord.
Every knee will bow and every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord.
He is Lord.
He is risen from the dead and He is Lord.
I believe in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles for I believe in God.
I believe in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous the changing one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles for I believe in God.
I believe in You.
I love You, Lord.
We worship You and we praise You.
We bow down before You.
Praise and we adore Thee, bowing down before Thee.
Sing it with the words.
That song of praise is singing.
Hallelujah is ringing.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
We worship and adore You, bowing down before You.
Song of praise is singing.
Hallelujah's ringing.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
We worship and adore You, bowing down before You.
Songs of praise are singing.
Hallelujah's ringing.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
We worship and adore You, Father.
We worship and adore Thee, bowing down before Thee.
Songs of praises singing.
Hallelujah is ringing.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
Father, we worship You.
And Father, we just lift up our president before You.
And we thank You, Lord, that You have a plan for his life.
And I ask, Father, for a thousand should fall at his side and 10,000 at his right hand, but nothing would come nigh him.
I know what I have seen and I lift them up before You, Father, in the mighty name of Jesus.
And every plot, every plan, every wicked open door, we shut it in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are camped all around and about him right now in Jesus' name.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that You even pricked the hearts of the proud.
And I thank You, Lord, right now in the name of Jesus, his heart is pliable and soft before You like David, that even when David messed up, God, he was quick to repent and fall at Your feet.
And we ask You, Father, in the mighty name of Jesus over our leader that You would prick his heart and humble him before the mighty hand of God.
And we thank You, Lord, that in due time You will exalt him.
But Father, I thank You, Lord, right now.
We pray over the decisions he's making for the world and the United States of America.
And we thank You, Lord, that he's led by the Spirit of God.
For those that are the sons of God are led by the Spirit of God.
And Lord, even if he has a saving knowledge of You, I thank You You can work with it.
I don't know if he's baptized in the Holy Ghost, but Father, I ask You to baptize him in the Holy Ghost and fire.
In the name of Jesus, I ask You, Father, for visitations and manifestations of the glory all around him.
That You would be so tangible.
The presence of the Lord would be so tangible in the Oval Office, that it would be so tangible as he eats his dinner and his breakfast or whatever he's doing that day.
I ask You, God, that the presence of the Lord would saturate him and surround him on all sides.
That Father, he would be uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
That we put a bloodline all around him in the name of Jesus.
That the angels would protect his children, his grandchildren, his wife, the vice president, and You would shake the vice president in the name of Jesus.
And we call a saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ over his wife that she would become radically born again in the name of Jesus.
Usha.
Father, we call Usha born again in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord.
Some plant, some water, and some bring forth the increase.
And we call Usha in now in Jesus' name.
Satan, take your hands off of it.
We call her born again.
We call her free.
We call the eyes of her understanding to be enlightened in the name of Jesus.
That she would no longer be Hindu.
That she'd be a radical born-again Christian.
In Jesus' name, we call Father a shaking in the household, a shaking in Jesus' name that the Lord Jesus Christ would visit them in the midnight hour and that JD would become a radically born-again, on fire, tongue-talking Holy Ghost Christian in Jesus' name.
People say, 'Well, it's Catholicism.
' No, we're talking about coming up higher in Jesus' name.
Father, we thank You, Lord, controlled by the Holy Ghost to the higher levels in Jesus' name.
We thank You, Lord, that You shake all of them and You awaken all of them and that the Holy Spirit would reign supreme in the White House.
And even the ungodly counsel, we call them to be removed in Jesus' name.
Remove the ungodly counsel and we put good godly counsel around them in Jesus' name.
We pray over all the judges, Father, concerning these tariffs and all.
We call breakthrough in this in the name of Jesus.
We call breakthrough in this that it's no longer hindered by demonic influence.
We call forth in the name of Jesus this to be settled and done this week in the name of Jesus.
We call breakthrough and a parting of the Red Sea concerning the decisions being made in the Supreme Court.
We call for fire over this situation and that the glory of the Lord would part the sea concerning this in Jesus' name.
No more walls, no more hindrances to our economy flow in Jesus' name.
That the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
That we're at the right place at the right time doing exactly what You've asked us to do.
That the hand of the Lord is on our behalf.
We thank You, Lord, and we give You all the glory, honor, and praise for it every single time.
We always acknowledge when you're there, and we're quick to give you praise for everything you've done.
We thank you, Lord.
We pray over our leaders.
We pray over the people of Iran.
We say in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, they will have a major move of God, a major revival that will be like a Holy Ghost explosion across their land.
We take authority over it in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, for a radical shifting and shaking in Jesus' name all throughout Iran, Pakistan, and India.
Oh Father, I thank you, Lord.
Afghanistan, Saudi Arabia, Iraq—Father, visit them, that the glory of the Lord will be made known all throughout the land.
Ancient discoveries will come up out of the ground.
Oh Father, we worship you.
We worship you, Father.
Over Europe, over the Vatican, a shaking over the Olympics.
I see Gavin in California and an uncovering of great darkness that is surrounding him.
An uncovering of a great darkness.
It looks like he's taken himself and put himself into the midst of black molasses all around him, and there are layers of it as a ripple.
He put himself in the midst of this darkness.
Now we're going to go to California.
We're in California and we're exposing this darkness and uncovering it in the days ahead.
I see a case that is being brought up through the legal system that is very damning and judging.
It's bad for Gavin and his administration.
What he's had there is greater corruption than even Minnesota.
I hear the Lord say greater corruption will be in the news than even in Minnesota.
I'm about to deal fully with what's going on in Minnesota.
A lot of people will see that there are people you see and people you don't see.
I see them squirming around like rats and cockroaches.
There are levels in the public eye and there are levels below the surface.
These he's about to deal with.
It's the pencil pushers, not just the people in the public eye.
There's the celebrity side of politics and those behind closed doors making it happen.
You see the governors, but it's the people underneath them he's dealing with in Minnesota.
A great shaking is still going to take place in Minnesota, but it's even at a lower level.
There's great corruption.
But now I say I'm going to do the same thing in California, and a great shaking will take place and it will have ripple effects clear into Seattle and Portland, Oregon.
There is a shaking in all levels of blue states that will become uncovered in the days ahead through 2026—a shaking on a level of political theater.
There's great corruption in San Francisco.
This is around the Pelosis.
There's great corruption in the Pelosis, and this stems from Kamala.
This is deep and it has gone very deep.
The root of this is very deep.
I'm in it and I can see it, and it has split out.
The roots are on the surface like spider veins on the top of the land, but the very rot of it has gone down for a long time.
The taproot, the Lord said the taproot is very deep.
It's not shallow.
I see that there are ties from San Francisco that go clear into Asia—very dark ties that go from Asia to San Francisco.
And then I see the Mexican cartel coming up through Gavin, and it's coming up through California as a highway for transportation to get all this through Gavin—the corruption through the cartel, the finances, and the trafficking.
It is corruption clear up to the law enforcement level.
They're being paid off to turn a blind eye when they come across it.
This is like tip money—a thousand here, a thousand there, hidden cash you can't trace.
It's not a wire; it's not in a bank account.
It's tip money to these men with badges and bulletproof vests.
I see them and they're there.
Some of them look Hispanic; they're Americans and it's bribe money.
Over a course of time, that's how they hide it—it's cash.
Some of it I see as the number $50,000 over a course of time.
The higher the grade of the officer and the corruption in this, I see levels of 10,000, 25,000, 50,000, and some even more in cash.
They don't want to turn on it because it's made them have a better life.
It's expensive in California.
Their kids even have better clothes on.
They have better stuff because of it.
They just want to make a better living, and that's how they justify it in their heart.
The Lord says that's how they justify it: 'Son, they're just trying to make it.
' But the corruption over the last six months because of the pressure from Trump—this is very key, write this down carefully—the pressure from Trump over the last six months, even greater on the border, has caused the corruption to become even greater for them to turn a blind eye.
Because of the pressure on the border from the Trump administration, the corruption has become greater.
The Lord says, 'And it's not just there.
It's coming up all the way up through here.
' I see Texas.
The Lord said the corruption is coming up through El Paso and Nogales.
It's a border town.
Am I saying it right?
I'm saying these words.
Yeah, it's Nogales.
It's a corrupt town.
It's from the traffickers, and they're paying them off in Nogales.
And the Lord says he wants to deal with this corruption at this level.
He's ticked off because there are children involved—anybody under 18.
When he cuts this off in these cities, it's cutting off a stronghold in the force and the departments.
These men have financial strongholds.
The Lord said this will bring freedom for my people from fentanyl and greater drug paraphernalia.
Then it goes—I see Miami again.
He said, 'Don't touch that.
' There's great trouble.
Now back to Gavin.
He still has the White House in his eyes.
There's a path for him to try to get there, and Booker is there.
I see him slithering on his belly across the nation to get there.
He looks like a demonic manifestation.
I see his tongue fork out.
His eyes are slit like a snake, and he's slithering in a suit, coming across the nation trying to get to the White House.
He has a forked tongue.
Gavin, bless you.
Schumer, with his health—I hear his days are numbered.
I'm going to clean your house, I'm going to clean your Senate, and there'll be a shaking in your nation from the corruption that has rotten within.
Pray for your president, for I want to use him concerning this.
This is about the pride of his heart.
Do you understand?
It's this fork in the road.
What choice will he make?
This is how important it is right now.
If he goes down this path, it's over.
If he goes down the other, there's great provision.
It's the fork in the road, the valley of decision.
Am I making it clear?
I'm seeing it so clear.
I can see it, but I'm trying to relay what I'm seeing.
He's about to make the decision.
The fork is right here, and President Trump's right there.
He has not fully made the decision, but it's make-or-break time.
Either his presidency will be done, or there's more to come and he will be sustained all the way.
But this is the valley of decision.
What he does right now is a very important timeframe concerning the make-or-break of his presidency—either doing it God's way and doing it with the Holy Ghost, or doing it the way he thinks most.
He said, 'There's a way that seems right unto a man.
' That's a scripture the Lord just gave: 'There's a way that seems right to a man, but its end is the way of death.
' Proverbs 14:12.
Please read it out loud.
This is the scripture that is for President Trump: 'There is a way that seems right to a man, but its end is the way of death.
' Proverbs 14:12.
That's what the Lord says concerning President Trump.
Looking for an uprising and a regime change in China.
A shaking, for there is a dividing that is coming by my spirit that is shaking the land of China.
I see the generals because they want to take Taiwan and the others don't, and they're upset with Xi Jinping, and they want him gone.
I see an uprising in China trying to have a regime change.
They're upset; some want to take Taiwan and some don't.
But it causes great confusion in their camp, so that the underground church will have a major revival because there's great turmoil in their government.
This is by my hand, shaking the land of China, and it will have a trickle effect throughout all of Asia.
They will say, 'We believe this day will come.
' I hear the underground churches say, 'We believed this day would come.
' I'm bringing liberation for my people, a shaking to awaken even in the nation, and a pulling down of that curtain.
I give you a window.
We praise and we adore you, bowing down before you.
It's interesting because that anointing starts to lift.
We can sing, and that's what brought it here the first time.
I could feel it lifting.
I said, 'No, it's not time.
' We got to give praise to Jesus for a little bit.
Praise break!
Our songs of praise are singing, 'Hallelujah' ringing.
Hallelujah, Amen.
We worship and adore you, bowing down before you.
Song of praises singing, 'Hallelujah' ringing.
Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Amen.
He said, 'I've dealt with the church concerning corruption in it.
All throughout 2025, I gave you great warning to come up and thrive.
But a great shaking is coming to churches in California, in Texas, and across your nation because I've warned out of mercy for you to change and repent.
But now you'll see First Corinthians 5:5 come to its fullest potential of that manifestation in your churches.
For judgment begins in my house first.
The church I told, upon a rock I will build my church and the gates of hell will not prevail against it.
But you've allowed the enemy to come in by the decisions you have made.
And I'm bringing a stern and very swift correction, for I'm out of time.
I'm not out of mercy; I'm out of time.
So don't be alarmed when you see the things you're about to see on your media.
For I'm cleaning house, I'm removing, and I'm bringing forth new.
And this will be across your nation, across the world, not just about America.
There's great corruption in my church in America.
You've made it a den of thieves.
' He's talking about Jesus's words: 'My house shall be called a house of prayer, but you have made it a den of thieves.
' Matthew 21:13.
That's the scripture he used.
He said, 'Uptick, uptick, uptick.
' A new fresh anointing is coming on my ones that are pure before me—the remnant that didn't let the defiled thing come in.
There'll be many of you shocked about who you're about to see.
It's going to shake California and these places.
There is great corruption in these churches: financial corruption, sexual corruption.
We pray for them; we don't gossip.
When you see it, don't gossip about it, running them down with your mouth.
Pray for them.
They're your brothers and sisters.
They just made a wrong turn just like you could.
I mean, I ain't judging them.
When you see it on the news or on YouTube, just say, 'Hey, we pray for them.
' Don't touch it with your mouth.
Oh, Father, we just pray for them.
God, I ask you to help restore them.
Bring them back to your heart.
Oh, Father, I thank you that in this shaking of First Corinthians 5:5, you're going to restore the church in a greater capacity to flow with a greater sense of the anointing of the Holy Ghost.
Sister Blabbermouth.
That's what Ken thinks.
Sister Blabbermouth calls up and says, "Did you see that?
" Let's just pray for them.
It's very serious because we want to flow with the anointing and come up higher in the glory.
You're about to see a lot of people that you put on a pedestal and didn't pray for enough, and they got big heads.
They got in the wrong way.
The Lord said, "I warn.
" We're going to pray for them.
I saw that it should have happened a long time ago.
Maybe that's so, but it's not for you to say.
"Don't touch it," is what I hear the Lord say.
"Don't touch it with your mouth.
" Pray for him.
It's a long time coming.
Who are you to say?
Be still.
You just better be glad it's not focused on you.
Your time's coming.
That magnifying glass over here—when you have his gaze and he's looking to clean you up or you had your platform and that gaze is now taken on it, it's a bad time.
I want him looking at me, examining me with that magnifying glass.
Brandon, you got to fix this.
He who is without sin cast the first stone.
I'm not going to be the one throwing rocks.
We just pray for them.
That's why I don't bring people up on my channel and start busting on them.
I try to keep on it and say, "Listen, let's just keep going.
" We love on people, including President Trump.
Love never fails.
Okay, back in the flow.
I saw a lot right there.
I was seeing faces and names.
The Lord said, "Don't you say a thing.
" I saw it and I'll tell you later, but it's not for anybody else.
This is what the Lord said.
It's heavy.
It's going to hurt a lot of people.
A lot of congregations are going to be hurt.
I saw the aftermath of it.
And there are a lot of people that turn and backslide because of this.
This is heavy.
There are levels of this vision.
I saw the people, and then I went down and I could see the people that are affected—the people whose hearts trusted.
They went to these congregations, went to church, and worshiped there.
When these things are exposed, it hurts people that are babies.
It hurts the babies.
The babies don't go back to church.
They say, "Well, if they're that way, I—" and then they go off on their own road because they were babies and it wounds them.
It's very serious.
That's why to much is given, much is required.
Oh, Father, we pray for those babies right now in the name of Jesus.
We pray for the believers that don't have a foundation of their own with you, that they built their relationship around a man.
Their relationship is on sand because they weren't taught the word of God right; they built their relationship around a man.
When the man gets hurt, it hurts their relationship with the Father.
I thank you that they will not be orphans, that they will rise up and have a new shepherd in you.
They learn how to take the relationship they had, where they were looking at a man to build a relationship with you, and they take that man out and go straight to the Father.
All we need is Jesus.
This is concerning the Catholic Church, too.
The Lord said—I just heard that—a great uncovering of things with Edward Snowden and the Catholic Church.
He said, "Brandon, this isn't just about the charismatic.
I'm cleaning house all the way around, and a shaking will happen even in the Catholic Church with priests and cardinals.
" There's going to be a great shaking.
I don't know your levels of position in the Catholic Church, but it's in levels.
We thank you, Lord.
He warned.
That's what he just said.
"I warned.
" How do I get back in the flow after seeing all that?
The sorrow for all of these young ones and all of the babies across the nations.
We pray for stability in their hearts.
Don't be weary in well-doing and don't cast down your confidence.
It's built in Jesus, the only one, the author and the finisher of our faith.
Jesus, we love you.
We magnify you, Father.
We shouldn't be putting our eyes on men anyway.
We put our eyes on you.
We take our focus off of men.
They can fail us, but Jesus will never fail us.
His love never fails.
His righteousness always prevails.
He is righteous, just, and holy.
He has one more thing tonight, and it's concerning something in Europe.
I see this thing going around the Germany area.
Oh, Father, we worship you.
He said, "Great persecution is coming on the Jews again, but it will drive them back to the land.
" Great anti-Semitism will rise, and they're going to come back to the land.
It's a shaking in Europe—even greater shaking in Europe.
Run.
I hear the elders.
We've had this land for decades.
They don't want to uproot.
Some of them look very old.
Now I'm in Ukraine.
We call for removing Zelensky right now in the name of Jesus.
Remove him and put a better leader in there.
Take the corruption out.
How do you even get through all that?
One step at a time.
Don't look at the whole picture.
I saw all this stuff, and I'm looking at it real close right now.
I see all the corruption in Ukraine.
I'm looking at the church and all the things he showed us tonight.
As I get up to it, it gets overwhelming in the prophetic lens.
I said, "How do you want me to handle this?
" because I could see Zelensky and the money laundering, the corruption, the drugs, and the trafficking of these children coming out of Ukraine.
He said, "One step at a time with me.
Walk with me.
" It was so beautiful the way he said it.
I saw Jesus taking your hand in the vision and walking right with you.
You're walking with him in prayer step by step.
He's praying with you.
You're not alone.
It seems so overwhelming, but he said, "You take it one step at a time, prayer-walking with me.
" You don't worry about the whole thing.
I love how caring and how much of a friend he truly is.
The beauty of a relationship with the Father—as I could see, whenever you make your footprints in the snow, that's the way it was in prayer.
You make your footprint in prayer with him.
It was staying in sync with him.
As you prayed, it made an indentation in the spirit realm as you walk with him in prayer.
Sister Blabbermouth calls up and says, "Did you see that?
" Let's just pray for them.
It's very serious because we want to flow with the anointing and come up higher in the glory.
You're about to see a lot of people that you put on a pedestal and didn't pray for enough, and they got big heads.
They got in the wrong way.
The Lord said, "I warn.
" We're going to pray for them.
I saw that it should have happened a long time ago.
Maybe that's so, but it's not for you to say.
"Don't touch it," is what I hear the Lord say.
"Don't touch it with your mouth.
" Pray for him.
It's a long time coming.
Who are you to say?
Be still.
You just better be glad it's not focused on you.
Your time's coming.
That magnifying glass over here—when you have his gaze and he's looking to clean you up or you had your platform and that gaze is now taken on it, it's a bad time.
I want him looking at me, examining me with that magnifying glass.
Brandon, you got to fix this.
He who is without sin cast the first stone.
I'm not going to be the one throwing rocks.
We just pray for them.
That's why I don't bring people up on my channel and start busting on them.
I try to keep on it and say, "Listen, let's just keep going.
" We love on people, including President Trump.
Love never fails.
Okay, back in the flow.
I saw a lot right there.
I was seeing faces and names.
The Lord said, "Don't you say a thing.
" I saw it and I'll tell you later, but it's not for anybody else.
This is what the Lord said.
It's heavy.
It's going to hurt a lot of people.
A lot of congregations are going to be hurt.
I saw the aftermath of it.
And there are a lot of people that turn and backslide because of this.
This is heavy.
There are levels of this vision.
I saw the people, and then I went down and I could see the people that are affected—the people whose hearts trusted.
They went to these congregations, went to church, and worshiped there.
When these things are exposed, it hurts people that are babies.
It hurts the babies.
The babies don't go back to church.
They say, "Well, if they're that way, I—" and then they go off on their own road because they were babies and it wounds them.
It's very serious.
That's why to much is given, much is required.
Oh, Father, we pray for those babies right now in the name of Jesus.
We pray for the believers that don't have a foundation of their own with you, that they built their relationship around a man.
Their relationship is on sand because they weren't taught the word of God right; they built their relationship around a man.
When the man gets hurt, it hurts their relationship with the Father.
I thank you that they will not be orphans, that they will rise up and have a new shepherd in you.
They learn how to take the relationship they had, where they were looking at a man to build a relationship with you, and they take that man out and go straight to the Father.
All we need is Jesus.
This is concerning the Catholic Church, too.
The Lord said—I just heard that—a great uncovering of things with Edward Snowden and the Catholic Church.
He said, "Brandon, this isn't just about the charismatic.
I'm cleaning house all the way around, and a shaking will happen even in the Catholic Church with priests and cardinals.
" There's going to be a great shaking.
I don't know your levels of position in the Catholic Church, but it's in levels.
We thank you, Lord.
He warned.
That's what he just said.
"I warned.
" How do I get back in the flow after seeing all that?
The sorrow for all of these young ones and all of the babies across the nations.
We pray for stability in their hearts.
Don't be weary in well-doing and don't cast down your confidence.
It's built in Jesus, the only one, the author and the finisher of our faith.
Jesus, we love you.
We magnify you, Father.
We shouldn't be putting our eyes on men anyway.
We put our eyes on you.
We take our focus off of men.
They can fail us, but Jesus will never fail us.
His love never fails.
His righteousness always prevails.
He is righteous, just, and holy.
He has one more thing tonight, and it's concerning something in Europe.
I see this thing going around the Germany area.
Oh, Father, we worship you.
He said, "Great persecution is coming on the Jews again, but it will drive them back to the land.
" Great anti-Semitism will rise, and they're going to come back to the land.
It's a shaking in Europe—even greater shaking in Europe.
Run.
I hear the elders.
We've had this land for decades.
They don't want to uproot.
Some of them look very old.
Now I'm in Ukraine.
We call for removing Zelensky right now in the name of Jesus.
Remove him and put a better leader in there.
Take the corruption out.
How do you even get through all that?
One step at a time.
Don't look at the whole picture.
I saw all this stuff, and I'm looking at it real close right now.
I see all the corruption in Ukraine.
I'm looking at the church and all the things he showed us tonight.
As I get up to it, it gets overwhelming in the prophetic lens.
I said, "How do you want me to handle this?
" because I could see Zelensky and the money laundering, the corruption, the drugs, and the trafficking of these children coming out of Ukraine.
He said, "One step at a time with me.
Walk with me.
" It was so beautiful the way he said it.
I saw Jesus taking your hand in the vision and walking right with you.
You're walking with him in prayer step by step.
He's praying with you.
You're not alone.
It seems so overwhelming, but he said, "You take it one step at a time, prayer-walking with me.
" You don't worry about the whole thing.
I love how caring and how much of a friend he truly is.
The beauty of a relationship with the Father—as I could see, whenever you make your footprints in the snow, that's the way it was in prayer.
You make your footprint in prayer with him.
It was staying in sync with him.
As you prayed, it made an indentation in the spirit realm as you walk with him in prayer.
Take it one step at a time.
It's not taking the whole picture and biting the whole thing at once.
Just one step at a time, and you're walking with him.
When I saw that, it made like glory steps.
You're taking glory steps.
Jesus is our friend, and in all you say, in word and deed, we give all to the glory of God and we stay on that beautiful path with you.
Walking in the light of God.
Walking in the love of God.
It's him, because he is love, and faith works by love.
Walking with light and love.
Faith works by love.
Working and walking in the light.
Walking in love—the flow of the love and the light.
And this is the closest way.
Receive the Holy Ghost right now.
That's what he said: "Receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost right now.
" Receive it.
Speak in tongues.
Pray and let it go.
Let it flow out of your belly right now in the name of Jesus.
Hold fast.
Many will come.
You're soaking; you must come up and soak.
Now I see Macron and I see Macron's face, and it's turned.
Which way is he?
He's looking toward—no, no, no.
I see it.
Can I say it out loud?
I come against it.
Every plot, every plan, every plot of his evil heart.
I call him pliable.
Father, change him.
It's easier to pray for the lady in Italy.
I see the lady in Italy; it's easier to push.
There are these cracks all in the foundation of him that are so black they're red, and there's red coming up that looks like lava.
And the Lord said he's closer to hell than you realize.
Him Macron is closer to hell than you realize.
I'm looking into it, seeing what he's saying.
But then I see him looking toward the lady in Italy, the blonde woman.
He's looking towards her, but her heart is not as close to hell as Macron.
This is something very dark.
Closer to hell than you realize.
I could see it.
I'm looking at the woman in Italy, but he's looking towards her.
He's looking for allies, people to align with.
It's concerning.
He's upset about Jared and Gaza and Trump taking over that.
He doesn't want to give his money toward that, the billion, because of pride.
He's angry at Trump.
And this is another route that is concerning Trump's life.
It's jealousy and anger because of going against the New World Order, of what he's wanting to do for Europe, trying to influence before his time's up, establishing more of a kingdom for the darkness.
He's closer to hell than you realize.
And this is concerning Germany and Ukraine and making a greater war.
Carney is talking to him.
Carney and him are becoming friends.
And this is along with the royals in England.
When he pulled out of the WHO, he said, "Listen, it's trying to crumble their infrastructure for their stronghold for the Antichrist stuff.
" This is about the plague.
This is about the New World Order.
This is about all the demonic stuff, the Agenda 2030.
I see the number 2030 and I hear that's the Agenda 2030, and it's pulling down.
Trump's trying to be—that's why we pray for his safety.
This is the road.
The Lord is showing bits and pieces here.
This concerns the Olympics.
I see the Agenda 2030.
I see the plague.
It's the Ishmael before the true Antichrist.
He's the one that came before.
He's the forerunner.
I still say it: Emmanuel Macron is the forerunner to the Antichrist.
He's the paper boy.
I feel that anointing is starting to lift off of me, so I know I'm done.
Isn't that amazing how it's like a switch?
I can feel it lift off.
When it starts to lift, you don't try to do it anymore.
It's over.
I appreciate you all coming tonight.
Don't worry about my snowy background; they know we're not in the snow.
We love you all.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
The moment it lifts, I stop.
All I can say, Father, is you protect our president.
We will not have a demonic Agenda 2030.
We hold it back in Jesus' name with the blood of the Lamb.
And we'll have the greatest revival across this land.
Our nation will be a nation that has a great revival.
Australia will be a nation that has a great revival.
I love that scripture he gave us: "The prayer of the upright is his delight.
" Proverbs 15:8: "The sacrifice of the wicked is an abomination, hateful and exceedingly offensive to the Lord, but the prayer of the upright is his delight.
" When I was looking into the Olympics, praying over these next two weeks, there's so much purple.
I see colors, and a lot of times the Lord will allow me to see different shades of purple.
That becomes a lot more to me of spiritual warfare concerning the Olympics.
So this week as we enter into Monday, we'll pray over this next week for the Olympics.
We have one more week of January and then we go into February.
The Olympics is not this Friday, but the next.
But the Lord said to pray over the third.
So we're praying over this timeframe.
As I was looking into Macron, there's so much dark agenda and I was hearing 2030.
I'm relaying the darkness that is behind him trying to find allies to bring forth a digital ID, the agenda of the devil.
This is the globalist.
This is what I would consider the Illuminati side—a darkness that is deeper than the darkness of the cartel bringing up people.